Document MongoDB license change (#134)
OpenIndiana/oi-docs: docs/release-notes/latest-changes.md

Date       | Change
---------  | -------------

> 2019-08-01 | MongoDB 4.0 was updated to 4.0.11. Note that this release is not free software - it is distributed under restrictive [SSPL license](https://www.mongodb.com/licensing/server-side-public-license). If you make the functionality of Mongo available to third parties as a service, now you must make the service source code available to everyone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2019-08-01 | MongoDB 4.0 was updated to 4.0.11. Note that this release is not a free software - it is distributed under the restrictive [SSPL v1 license](https://www.mongodb.com/licensing/server-side-public-license). If you make the functionality of MongoDB available to third parties as a service, you must make the service code available under the SSPL v1 license (see the article 13 of the license).
```
